Sally MacFarlane: hi frank hi hot.
Hart Montgomery: Hello.
hi Jason.
Sally MacFarlane: Give them a couple more minutes.
Sally MacFarlane: share the antitrust policy.
Sally MacFarlane: Alright, we might get started, so the antitrust policy if you're not aware and can read it from the.
Sally MacFarlane: Country continue our agenda and say grace can't make today's meeting so you're stuck with me for.
Sally MacFarlane: me anything.
Sally MacFarlane: feel free to.
Sally MacFarlane: Leave and watch the funding upwards, if you want to.
Sally MacFarlane: Please meet speaking and raise your hand if you have a question or something to say, and I will do my best to keep an eye on not.
Sally MacFarlane: um.
Sally MacFarlane: General announcements said this incentive program item has been.
Sally MacFarlane: Ongoing for a while I believe that's the.
Sally MacFarlane: Legal teams now so we're just.
Sally MacFarlane: waiting on an update from them, which i'm not sure how long that will take a visit and expected time for that part or anyone.
Hart Montgomery: yeah so i've been continuing to work on the hyper ledger side of the tip.
Hart Montgomery: I were moving forward slowly, I had a meeting with lawyers about a week ago.
Hart Montgomery: They asked for more specificity in the proposal so we're just flushing everything out.
Hart Montgomery: Do you have any questions for me about that.
Sally MacFarlane: or.
Sally MacFarlane: specificity on anything.
Hart Montgomery: I would say.
Hart Montgomery: pretty much everything so i'm writing i'm basically writing as we speak, writing up my own version of tim's proposal.
Hart Montgomery: That, I hope, will make.
Hart Montgomery: The lf Board and the lf lawyers happy.
Hart Montgomery: I, and I will ask this community for feedback when it's done.
Hart Montgomery: Essentially, I think the F is is mostly used to working with startups and others who are very familiar with with crypto currencies and comfortable with them, and that does not describe the lf board.
Hart Montgomery: So it's just been a bit slower process, I think, but.
Hart Montgomery: We are.
Hart Montgomery: making good progress so.
Sally MacFarlane: So essentially filling in the blanks on some of the.
Sally MacFarlane: trends that are not wiping understood outside the group taking.
Hart Montgomery: Among other things, yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So, like I you know.
Hart Montgomery: so frequently one of the questions that i've gotten from the lf board is you know why isn't this just a typical grant.
Hart Montgomery: You know, and obviously the board doesn't necessarily understand you know proof of stake consensus and why they ef wants to structure the grant this way to incentivize validators to be run sort of all of these things.
Hart Montgomery: Does that make sense.
Sally MacFarlane: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: yeah This is just all.
Hart Montgomery: All things we've been working on, but you know we've got sort of agreements in principle, we just need to make sure everyone is comfortable with all the details.
Hart Montgomery: Thank you, let me know if you have any more questions or comments on that.
Hart Montgomery: If.
Sally MacFarlane: that's helpful.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay, so next item on the list is the roadmap review.
Sally MacFarlane: I checked the roadmap for this and it's a little bit out of date, so I think it's probably best if we just take this as a prompt for us to update.
Sally MacFarlane: Because it was last updated in February and.
Sally MacFarlane: So we've done 22 one release and 27 probably needs a bit of an update because.
Sally MacFarlane: yeah this this item has been done and it's probably a few things in there that we're aiming for that so um let's just take that as a reminder to the update right now.
Sally MacFarlane: So releases we've done 20 211 in February 21 two.
Sally MacFarlane: weeks or so ago, and then 21 three is shattered for the end of this week so.
Sally MacFarlane: Stefan is on the roster for for doing that one so is going to be.
Sally MacFarlane: really tough to do and it all.
Sally MacFarlane: depends on the phone.
Stefan Pingel: i'm on mute sorry.
Stefan Pingel: Yes, yeah it's gonna be off main and, yes, if anyone's got any questions or you know, like sent me a message oh.
Stefan Pingel: yeah.
Stefan Pingel: it's it's pretty straightforward.
Sally MacFarlane: Yes.
Sally MacFarlane: um yeah So this is the fortnightly.
Sally MacFarlane: releases that we're trying to make sure that we get out the door for.
Sally MacFarlane: New year's resolutions between 20 and then 22 401 and we wanted to a little bit of a gap between 22 and three and that first.
Sally MacFarlane: quarter right, so I think justin's on the list for that one he's not on the call but that's slated for next week um.
Sally MacFarlane: So yeah if there's anything that you want.
Sally MacFarlane: In that quarterly relates.
Sally MacFarlane: guess reach out to justin or.
Sally MacFarlane: stabbed, especially on on discord as ever, listen to this channel.
Sally MacFarlane: And then reminder about the release rotations page so it's.
Sally MacFarlane: As schedule that sort of always out for change, but.
Sally MacFarlane: As well as who's actually scheduled to do those places so let's try to share the water a little bit so volunteers welcome and also the release process improvements page which.
Sally MacFarlane: We do a lot of collecting of what we want in the release process and what we're not happy with right now, and I think we've sort of made a few tweaks but we haven't made the major jump to to basically says, which we're talking about for a long time.
Sally MacFarlane: So I think if if people have thoughts that page is still there, but.
Sally MacFarlane: we've sort of got a minimum viable process going at the moment, which keeps me going okay.
Sally MacFarlane: i'm work update so trace APIs.
Sally MacFarlane: They all got completed and they went in 22 I think.
Sally MacFarlane: So if if there's any questions or feedback that would be great and i'm not sure if anyone's on the call he can give us an update on the message.
Sally MacFarlane: let's get that one future future backwards incompatible changes say.
Sally MacFarlane: Java 17 migration, so this notice in the next quarterly that we're planning to do this, so I think that's something that needs to go in 2014 as a something that we plan to do and the.
Sally MacFarlane: One about the edm migration from JESSICA too long, I haven't looked into that one yet.
Sally MacFarlane: But I guess if you got any questions on that only the person to reach out to their.
Sally MacFarlane: A pause there for questions.
Sally MacFarlane: questions.
Sally MacFarlane: um so other business the documentation discussion, so this was something that I think that discussed on the last contributor call but.
Sally MacFarlane: Was there a resolution is there any action or discussion that we.
Sally MacFarlane: need to.
Sally MacFarlane: I might I might ask that question.
Sally MacFarlane: So this was about not having consensus specific instructions for how to maintain the dog.
Sally MacFarlane: And the automated security by requests.
Sally MacFarlane: Hot or anyone can do this any context.
Hart Montgomery: I don't have a ton of things to add at this point.
Hart Montgomery: This is a Dell fx project.
Hart Montgomery: But if you all have any suggestions.
Hart Montgomery: We can certainly pass those along.
Sally MacFarlane: So this is this sort of analyzing that we're not checking in.
Sally MacFarlane: Security secrets into the repos.
Hart Montgomery: No, I think this is more like.
Hart Montgomery: Are there you know, are there any hanging unclaimed mpm packages kind of think.
Hart Montgomery: This isn't like secret detection code I don't think.
Hart Montgomery: I think this is more sort of lower hanging fruit and it's more focused on.
Hart Montgomery: Release outputs than anything else.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: But if you have suggestions, the the secrets in code thing is a good one, but unfortunately that turns up a lot of false positives.
Hart Montgomery: Because people right a lot of test cases and you know it's okay to hard code keys for test cases right in some cases it's necessary.
Hart Montgomery: But if you have suggestions.
Hart Montgomery: We would love to hear them.
Sally MacFarlane: Is there some way where we can see.
Sally MacFarlane: The things that it sort of scanning for at the moment is there, like a.
Sally MacFarlane: docs are pages.
Hart Montgomery: i'm not sure actually.
Hart Montgomery: I think it's changing a lot.
Hart Montgomery: So I don't know how well it's documented right now.
Sally MacFarlane: Right.
Hart Montgomery: I apologize for my lack of answers.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay, well, I guess, if anyone has questions on that.
Sally MacFarlane: We might get the metrics for the unless anyone specifically wants to.
Sally MacFarlane: Look at that.
Sally MacFarlane: OK, so the open forum.
Sally MacFarlane: there's a there's been a proposal talked about for having an off week and discord voice chat made up say basically in between this contributor call have another call that sort of.
Sally MacFarlane: off the record.
Sally MacFarlane: Is their interest from this group to actually do that and it's time.
Frank Li: i'd be there yeah I saw the voice chat channel on the hyper ledger this quote.
Frank Li: And I thought you know that would be the perfect use case for that was kind of like Daddy.
Sally MacFarlane: yeah.
Sally MacFarlane: Sorry frank, would you be up for.
Sally MacFarlane: um making it happen.
Frank Li: yeah I can try to organize a time do we wanted to be for this time zones so.
Frank Li: around this time again or.
Sally MacFarlane: That there were me.
Frank Li: pose.
Frank Li: Like a puzzle open question the the contributed channel so you're his his kinsmen.
Sally MacFarlane: Right.
Sally MacFarlane: um The next item is.
Sally MacFarlane: deprecating look for Jamie.
Sally MacFarlane: there's already a thread from i'm Diego and contribute a channel.
Sally MacFarlane: i'm not sure if that's been resolved or decided, yet I don't know if anyone here has.
Sally MacFarlane: Inside so.
Sally MacFarlane: I think the only the only snag was going to be.
Sally MacFarlane: Whether you could use an existing one for Jay xml config file.
Sally MacFarlane: With.
Sally MacFarlane: Once we move away from look for today.
Sally MacFarlane: I will take you right to check.
Sally MacFarlane: And the remaining thing on the list is about the looks good to me analysis.
Sally MacFarlane: Or is it hasn't been working for a while and there's been a couple of different reasons, what wasn't working, but right now it's.
Sally MacFarlane: Out of memory.
Sally MacFarlane: But i'm.
Sally MacFarlane: It sort of made me think well, is it actually worth getting it working again now that we have sign our cloud configured and running it's providing really rich output of you know code smells and central bugs and.
Sally MacFarlane: those sorts of things and I think, even if we got looks good to me what he again it's not really going to provide much extra on top of sign our cloud.
Sally MacFarlane: Does anyone have thoughts on that.
Sally MacFarlane: My hair concrete proposal and paste that in.
Sally MacFarlane: The feedback.
Frank Li: I think the lack of response we asked that question, probably indicates, no one, as in that you should stay at least.
Sally MacFarlane: yeah.
Sally MacFarlane: i'll make it concrete proposal.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay anything anyone else wants to talk about is there anything we want to add to future topics.
Sally MacFarlane: Okay well i'm.
Sally MacFarlane: i'm happy to give everyone the rest of the hour back.
Sally MacFarlane: And i'll update these nights.
Sally MacFarlane: Thanks everyone.
Stefan Pingel: Thank you.
Hart Montgomery: Thank you.